[All Hosts] (debugging) Update VS debugging article because issues are fixed (#4486)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/debug-office-add-ins-in-visual-studio.md

1. Opens the Office application and sideloads your add-in.

### Debug the add-in

The best method for debugging an add-in in Visual Studio 2022 depends on whether the add-in is running in WebView2, which is the webview control that is associated with Microsoft Edge (Chromium), or an older webview control. To determine which webview control is being used, see [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). If your computer is using WebView2, see [Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger to debug on the desktop](#use-the-built-in-visual-studio-debugger-to-debug-on-the-desktop). For any other webview control, see [Use the browser developer tools to debug on the desktop](#use-the-browser-developer-tools-to-debug-on-the-desktop).

#### Use the built-in Visual Studio debugger to debug on the desktop

> 1. Set breakpoints, as needed, in the source JavaScript or TypeScript files. You can do this either before or after you start the add-in as described in the earlier section [Start the add-in project](#start-the-add-in-project). If setting a breakpoint causes the IIS server to shut down, restart debugging after you have set your breakpoints.

Reviewer: Per style guide I think we should define an acronym at first use: 
```suggestion
1. Set breakpoints, as needed, in the source JavaScript or TypeScript files. You can do this either before or after you start the add-in as described in the earlier section [Start the add-in project](#start-the-add-in-project). If setting a breakpoint causes the Internet Information Services (IIS) server to shut down, restart debugging after you have set your breakpoints.
```

    - [Debug add-ins using developer tools in Microsoft Edge (Chromium-based)](../testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-chromium.md)

1. To make changes to your code, first stop the debugging session in Visual Studio and close the Office application. Make your changes, and start a new debugging session.

## Debug an add-in project in Microsoft 365 on the web

This section describes how to start and debug an add-in in desktop Office on the web; that is, when the **Start Action** property of the add-in project is set to **Microsoft Edge**.

### Start the add-in project on the web

Start the project by choosing **Debug** > **Start Debugging** from the menu bar or press the F5 button. Visual Studio automatically builds the solution and launches the Office application host page of your Microsoft 365 tenancy.

> [!NOTE]
> When you're debugging an add-in on the web, you may get an AADSTS50011 error similar to the following: 
>
>    "The redirect URI `{Full absolute URL to add-in home page}` specified in the request doesn't match the redirect URIs configured for the application  ... "
>

> > This is caused because new web applications that are deployed to SharePoint may take up to 24 hours to be available. To make your add-in debuggable immediately, take the following steps:

Reviewer: Maybe this? To reduce redundancy
```suggestion
> This occurs because new web applications that are deployed to SharePoint may take up to 24 hours to be available. To make your add-in debuggable immediately, take the following steps:
```
